Clarify relationship between crowdloan campaigns and parachain auctions (#4270)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-auction.md

Parachains or parachain teams, bid in the auction by specifying the slot range that they want to
lease and the number of tokens they are willing to reserve. Bidders can be either ordinary accounts,
or use the [crowdloan functionality](learn-crowdloans.md) to source tokens from the community. For a

> more indepth comparison between both of these options for gaining a parachain slot check out this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
more in-depth comparison between both of these options for gaining a parachain slot, check out this
```
